Daniel P. Aalberts, Professor of Physics
Colin C. Adams, Thomas T. Read Professor of Mathematics
Zaid Adhami, Visiting Instructor in Religion
*Jeannie R Albrecht, Associate Professor of Computer Science
Laylah Ali, Professor of Art
Kris Allen, Lyell B. Clay Artist in Residence in Jazz Activities/Lecturer in Music, Director of the Jazz Ensemble
Olla Najah Al–Shalchi, Visiting Lecturer In the Program in Comparative Literature
++Sarah K. Amos, Visiting Lecturer in Art
John Andrews, Visiting Assistant Professor in the Program in American Studies
++Alex Apotsos, Lecturer in Geosciences
Michelle Apotsos, Assistant Professor of Art
Henry W. Art, Rosenburg Professor of Environmental Studies and Biology
Quamrul H. Ashraf, Assistant Professor of Economics
Milan Babik, Visiting Assistant Professor of Political Science
Duane A. Bailey, Professor of Computer Science
Robert E. Baker–White, Professor of Theatre
***Jon M. Bakija, Professor of Economics
Lois M. Banta, Associate Professor of Biology
Patrick S. Barber, Visiting Assistant Professor of Chemistry
Ashley C. Barnes, Visiting Assistant Professor of English
Alix H. Barrale, Assistant Professor of Physical Education and Head Field Hockey Coach
Bill Barrale, Assistant Professor of Physical Education, Head Baseball and Assistant Football Coach
Andrea Barrett, Senior Lecturer in English
Melissa J. Barry, Chair and Associate Professor of Philosophy
Christopher Beach, Visiting Assistant Professor of English
Donald deB. Beaver, Professor of History of Science
Ilona D. Bell, Samuel Fessenden Clarke Professor of English
Robert H. Bell, Frederick Latimer Wells Professor of English
Gene H. Bell–Villada, Professor of Romance Languages
Ben Benedict, Lecturer in Art
**Magnus T. Bernhardsson, Professor of History
*Dieter Bingemann, Professor of Chemistry
Julie C. Blackwood, Assistant Professor of Mathematics
Jimmy A. Blair, Assistant Professor of Chemistry
Jennifer Bloxam, Herbert H. Lehman Professor of Music
***Christopher A. Bolton, Associate Professor of Comparative and Japanese Literature
Sarah R. Bolton, Professor of Physics
Ralph M. Bradburd, Chair of CES and David A. Wells Professor of Political Economy
*Rashida K. Braggs, Assistant Professor of Africana Studies
Deborah A. Brothers, Costume Director and Lecturer in Theatre
Leslie Brown, Associate Professor of History
Denise K. Buell, Professor of Religion
Sandra L. Burton, Lipp Family Director of Dance and Senior Lecturer in Dance
Corinna S. Campbell, Assistant Professor of Music
Gerard Caprio, Chair of the Executive Committee for the Center of Development Economics and William Brough Professor of Economics
+Allen R. Carlson, Class of 1955 Visiting Professor of International Studies
James T. Carlton, Professor of Marine Sciences & Director of the Williams–Mystic Program
Benjamin R. Carone, Visiting Assistant Professor of Biology
Dawn M. Carone, Assistant Professor of Biology
Matt E. Carter, Assistant Professor of Biology
Alison A. Case, Professor of English
Julie A. Cassiday, Chair of German and Russian and Professor of Russian
Cosmo A. Catalano, Theatre Department Production Manager, Technical Supervisor for the ’62 Center for Theatre and Dance, and Lecturer in Theatre
Maria Elena Cepeda, Associate Professor of Latina/o Studies and Faculty Affiliate in American Studies and Women’s, Gender and Sexuality Studies
Chip Chandler, George R. Goethals Distinguished Visiting Professor of Leadership Studies
Cecilia Chang, Professor of Chinese
Jinhwa Chang, Visiting Lecturer in Japanese
Jessica M. Chapman, Associate Professor of History
***C. Ondine Chavoya, Professor  of Art
Kerry A. Christensen, Garfield Professor of Ancient Languages
Jennifer E. Chuks, Assistant Professor of Physical Education and Assistant Athletic Administrator
**Cassandra J. Cleghorn, Senior Lecturer in English and American Studies
+Dan Clowes, Visiting Lecturer in Art
Phoebe A. Cohen, Assistant Professor of Geosciences
Michael P. Conforti, Lecturer in the Graduate Program in Art History
Danilo A. Contreras, Gaius Charles Bolin Fellow in Political Science
Mea S. Cook, Assistant Professor of Geosciences
Margaux E. Cowden, Visiting Assistant Professor of English
Ronadh Cox, Chair and Professor of Geosciences
George T. Crane, Chair and W Van Alan Clark ’41 Third Century Professor in the Social Sciences
Marshall K. Creighton, Lecturer in Physical Education, Assistant Football and Assistant Baseball Coach
Justin Crowe, Assistant Professor of Political Science
***Joseph L. Cruz, Professor of Philosophy
Annelle M. Curulla, Assistant Professor of French Literature and Language
Erica Dankmeyer, Artist–in–Residence
Andrea Danyluk, Dennis A. Meenan ’54 Third Century Professor of Computer Science
William R. Darrow, Cluett Professor of Religion
Alan W. DeGooyer, Lecturer in English
Richard D. DeVeaux, C. Carlisle and Margaret Tippit Professor of Statistics
Derek Dean, Lecturer in Biology
Edan Dekel, Chair and Associate Professor of Classics
Erika R. DeSanty, Lecturer in Physical Education and Head Coach of Women’s Golf
Nicole S. Desrosiers, Lecturer in Romance Languages
David P. Dethier, Edward Brust Professor of Geology and Mineralogy
Satyan L. Devadoss, Professor of Mathematics
Charles B. Dew, Ephraim Williams Professor of American History
Charlie Doret, Assistant Professor of Physics
Georges B. Dreyfus, Jackson Professor of Religion
Helga Druxes, Professor of German
Sara L. Dubow, Associate Professor of History
William C. Dudley, Professor of Philosophy
**Susan Dunn, Preston S. Parish ’41 Third Century Professor in the Arts and Humanities
***Joan Edwards, Washington Gladden 1859 Professor of Biology
David B. Edwards, James N. Lambert ’39 Professor of Anthropology
Holly Edwards, Senior Lecturer in Art
+Joseph Ellis, Distinguished Visiting Professor of Leadership Studies
Alex C. Engel, Assistant Professor of Biology
Susan L. Engel, Senior Lecturer in Psychology
Laura D. Ephraim, Assistant Professor of Political Science
David Eppel, Chair and Professor of Theatre
Ed Epping, Alexander Falck Class of 1899 Professor of Art
Amal Eqeiq, Visiting Assistant Professor of Arabic
Kevin A. Escudero, Gaius Charles Bolin Fellow in Latina/o Studies
Stacy Fahrenthold, Mellon Postdoctoral Fellow in Middle Eastern History
+Kim Anne Faler, Visiting Lecturer in Art
Adam F. Falk, Professor of Physics
+Anne Farewell, STINT – Research Scholar
*Richard J. Farley, Assistant Professor of Physical Education, Assistant Track Coach and Coordinator of Clubs
Pete Farwell, Assistant Professor of Physical Education and Head Cross Country Coach
Steven Fein, Professor of Psychology
Ronald L. Feldman, Artist in Residence in Orchestral and Instrumental Activities/Lecturer in Music, Director of the Berkshire Symphony
++Christina Ferando, Visiting Lecturer in Art
**Zirka Z. Filipczak, J. Kirk T. Varnedoe ’67 Professor of Art
*Robert L. Fisher, Assistant Professor of Athletics, Associate Director of Athletics
Jessica M. Fisher, Assistant Professor of English
Stephen Fix, Robert G Scott ’68 Professor of English
*Antonia E. Foias, Professor of Anthropology
VaNatta S. Ford, Visiting Assistant Professor of Africana Studies
Kevin R. Forkey, Lecturer in Physics
Soledad Fox, Professor of Romance Languages
Jennifer L. French, Professor of Spanish
**Stephen N. Freund, Professor of Computer Science
*Alexandra Garbarini, Associate Professor of History
Sarah Gardner, Lecturer in Environmental Studies
Thomas A. Garrity, William R. Kenan, Jr. Professor of Mathematics
Amy Gehring, Associate Professor of Chemistry
William M. Gentry, Chair and Professor of Economics
*Steven B. Gerrard, Professor of Philosophy
Lisa A. Gilbert, Associate Professor  of Geosciences and Marine Sciences
Meghan K. Gillis, Assistant Professor of Physical Education and Head Coach of Women’s Ice Hockey
Michael A. Glier, Professor of Art
Susan Godlonton, Assistant Professor of Economics
***Christopher Goh, Associate Professor of Chemistry
***Sarah L. Goh, Associate Professor of Chemistry
++Maximilian Goldfarb, Visiting Lecturer in Art
Leo Goldmakher, Assistant Professor of Mathematics
+Barry Goldstein, Visiting Professor of Humanities
Darra J. Goldstein, Willcox B. and Harriet M. Adsit Professor of Russian
Ed Gollin, Associate Professor of Music
**Marc Gotlieb, Director of the Graduate Program in Art History and Class of 1955 Memorial Professor of Art
Alma M. Granado, C3 Mellon Postdoctoral Fellow in Latina/o Studies
Daniel R. Greenberg, Assistant Professor of Physical Education and Head Coach of Men’s Tennis
David Gurcay–Morris, Assistant Professor of Theatre
Kim Gutschow, Lecturer in Religion and Anthropology/Sociology
Amie A. Hane, Associate Professor of Psychology
++Jim A. Hanson, Visiting Professor of Economics
+Nicole T. Harrington, Visiting Assistant Professor of Psychology
***Mark Haxthausen, Robert Sterling Clark Professor of Art History
Man He, Lecturer in Chinese
Laurie Heatherington, Edward Dorr Griffin Professor of Psychology
Guy M. Hedreen, Professor of Art
Brent A. Heeringa, Chair and Associate Professor of Computer Science
Brianna C. Heggeseth, Assistant Professor of Statistics
Kris Herman, Assistant Professor of Physical Education, Head Softball Coach
Jesús J. Hernández, Visiting Assistant Professor of Latina/o Studies
**Jacqueline Hidalgo, Assistant Professor of Latina/o Studies and Religion
Josh D. Hillman, Lecturer in Physical Education and Head Men’s Golf Coach
Alan Hirsch, Lecturer
Marjorie W. Hirsch, Professor of Music
Nate D. Hoey, Assistant Professor of Physical Education, Head Women’s Track & Field Coach
Michael Ann Holly, Robert Sterling Clark Visiting Professor of Art History
Amy S. Holzapfel, Associate Professor of Theatre
Kiaran Honderich, Lecturer in Women’s, Gender and Sexuality Studies
Scott D. Honecker, Assistant Professor of Physical Education and Head Coach of Wrestling
***Meredith C. Hoppin, Frank M Gagliardi Professor of Classics
Silas Howard, Arthur Levitt, Jr. ’52 Artist–in–Residence in Art
Catherine N. Howe, Visiting Lecturer in Art
Nicolas C. Howe, Assistant Professor of Environmental Studies
Vivian L. Huang, Gaius Charles Bolin Fellow in Women’s, Gender, and Sexuality Studies and Comparative Literature
Jeffrey I. Israel, Assistant Professor of Religion
*Robert Jackall, Willmott Family Third Century Professor Sociology & Public Affairs
++Frank Jackson, Visiting Lecturer in Art
**Sarah A. Jacobson, Assistant Professor of Economics
Andrew W. Jaffe, Lyell B. Clay Artist in Residence in Jazz and Senior Lecturer in Music
Joy A. James, Francis Christopher Oakley Third Century Professor of Humanities
***Ju–Yu ScarlettJang, Professor of Art
*Liza Johnson, Professor of Art
Cathy M. Johnson, Professor of Political Science
Eugene J. Johnson, Amos Lawrence Professor of Art
Stewart D. Johnson, Chair and Professor of Mathematics
Walter Johnston, Visiting Assistant Professor of English
Kevin M. Jones, Chair & William Edward McElfresh Professor of Physics
++Annette K. Joseph–Gabriel, Visiting Assistant Professor of French Language and Francophone Literature
Jason Josephson, Chair and Associate Professor of Religion
Peter Just, Professor of Anthropology
**Shinko Kagaya, Professor of Japanese
William R. Kangas, Assistant Professor of Physical Education and Head Men’s Ice Hockey Coach
Aparna Kapadia, Assistant Professor of History
***Lawrence J. Kaplan, Halford R Clark Professor of Natural Sciences
Paul M. Karabinos, Charles L. MacMillan Professor in Natural Sciences
Saul M. Kassin, Massachusetts Professor of Psychology
Robert D. Kavanaugh, Hales Professor of Psychology
Rosemary A. Kelanic, Assistant Professor of Political Science
Christi L. Kelsey, Assistant Professor of Physical Education and Head Women’s Volleyball Coach
Aaron E. Kelton, Assistant Professor of Physical Education and Head Coach of Football
*Kathryn R. Kent, Professor of English
Bruce Kieffer, Professor of German
**Doug Kiel, Assistant Professor of American Studies
++Jeremy King, Visiting Professor of History
Kris N. Kirby, Professor of Psychology
**Roger A. Kittleson, Professor of History
*John E. Kleiner, Professor of English
*Bernhard Klingenberg, Associate Professor of Statistics
Eric C. Knibbs, Assistant Professor of History
**Sherron E. Knopp, John Hawley Roberts Professor of English
*Pia M. Kohler, Assistant Professor of Environmental Studies
*Thomas A. Kohut, Sue and Edgar Wachenheim III Professor of History
Christophe A. Kone, Visiting Assistant Professor of German
Nate Kornell, Assistant Professor of Psychology
Julia L. Kowalski, Visiting Assistant Professor of Anthropology
*Cornelius C. Kubler, Stanfield Professor of Asian Studies
Ai Kubota, Visiting Lecturer in Japanese
Joanna Kurkowicz, Lyell B Clay Artist in Residence, Violin and Concertmaster, Berkshire Symphony
**Steven J. Kuster, Assistant Professor of Physical Education and Head Swim Coach
Kenneth N. Kuttner, Robert F. White Class of 1952 Professor of Economics
***Karen B. Kwitter, Ebenezer Fitch Professor of Astronomy
Yuliya V. Ladygina, Visiting Assistant Professor of Russian
Aida Laleian, Professor of Art
Sara LaLumia, Associate Professor of Economics
Edwin I. Lawrence, Artist Associate in Harpsichord, Piano, and Organ, and Instructor in Music
*Tim J. Lebestky, Assistant Professor of Biology
Seulghee Lee, C3 Mellon Postdoctoral Fellow in English
Jessica E. Leight, Assistant Professor of Economics
Jason Lemieux, Assistant Professor of Athletics and Head Nordic Ski Coach
William J. Lenhart, A. Barton Hepburn Professor of Computer Science
Steven P. Levin, Professor of Art
Kelsey Levine, Assistant Professor of Physical Education and Head Alpine Ski Coach
Zafi Levy, Assistant Professor of Physical Education and Head Squash Coach
Michael J. Lewis, Faison–Pierson–Stoddard Professor of Art History
Scott A. Lewis, Assistant Professor of Physical Education and Director of Outing Club
Nini Li, Visiting Lecturer in Chinese
John K. Limon, Chair and John J. Gibson Professor of English
Rob Livingstone, Lecturer in Physical Education, Head Strength and Conditioning Coach
Susan R. Loepp, Professor of Mathematics
Gretchen Long, Associate Professor of History
Ward Lopes, Assistant Professor of Physics
David A. Love, Associate Professor of Economics
Christopher P. Lovell, Visiting Assistant Professor of Classics
Charles M. LovettJr., Philip and Dorothy Schein Professor of Chemistry
Peter D. Low, Professor of Art
**Daniel V. Lynch, Professor of Biology
++Douglas J. MacDonald, Stanley Kaplan Visiting Professor of American Foreign Policy
Michael D. MacDonald, Frederick L. Schuman Professor of International Relations
Jenna L. MacIntire, Lecturer in Biology and Chemistry
James E. MahonJr., Woodrow Wilson Professor of Political Science
Protik K. Majumder, Professor of Physics
Kate Maloney, Assistant Professor of Physical Education and Head Coach of  Women’s Crew
**Rhon S. Manigault–Bryant, Associate Professor of Africana Studies
James A. Manigault–Bryant, Associate Professor of Africana Studies
Patricia M. Manning, Assistant Professor of Physical Education and Head Women’s Basketball Coach
++Mona Mansour, Visiting Lecturer in Theatre
George E. Marcus, Professor of Political Science
Luana S. Maroja, Assistant Professor of Biology
Matthew M. Marsit, Artist–in–Residence in Winds and Director of the Wind Ensemble
Brian Martin, Associate Professor of French and Comparative Literature
Martha J. Marvin, Lecturer in Neuroscience
Christine L. Mason, Assistant Professor of Physical Education and Head Women’s Lacrosse Coach
*James McAllister, Fred Greene Third Century Professor of Political Science
Brian McCammack, Visiting Assistant Professor of Environmental Studies
George M. McCormack, Assistant Professor of Physical Education, Head Men’s Lacrosse and Assistant Football Coach
Elizabeth P. McGowan, Professor of Art
Morgan McGuire, Associate Professor of Computer Science
Keith E. McPartland, Associate Professor of Philosophy
Gage C. McWeeny, Associate Professor of English
*Lisa M. Melendy, Chair, Director of Athletics and Assistant Professor in Physical Education
***Nicole E. Mellow, Associate Professor of Political Science
Karen R. Merrill, Frederick Rudolph ’42 – Class of 1965 Professor of American Culture
Carolyn D. Miles, Assistant Professor of Physical Education, Coordinator of Student–Athlete Well Being and Physical Education
Steven J. Miller, Associate Professor of Mathematics
Gregory C. Mitchell, Assistant Professor of Women’s, Gender and Sexuality Studies
Bojana Mladenovic, Associate Professor of Philosophy
**Mariko Moher, Assistant Professor of Psychology
Jeff Moher, Visiting Assistant Professor of Psychology
*Peter J. Montiel, Fairleigh S. Dickinson, Jr. ’41 Professor of Economics
Manuel A. Morales, Professor of Biology
*Frank Morgan, Webster Atwell – Class of 1921 Professor of Mathematics
+Halvor Moxnes, Croghan Bicentennial Visiting Professor of Religion
Ngonidzashe Munemo, Associate Professor of Political Science
Tendai Muparutsa, Artist in Residence in African Music Performance, Lecturer in Music, Director of Zambezi, Co–Director of Kusika
**Peter T. Murphy, Professor of English
*Thomas P. Murtagh, Professor of Computer Science
Kenda B. Mutongi, Professor of History
**Steven E. Nafziger, Associate Professor of Economics
Eric Nathan, Visiting Assistant Professor of Music
***Gail M. Newman, Harold J. Henry Professor of German
Anthony J. Nicastro, Visiting Professor of Romance Languages
Nimu Njoya, Assistant Professor of Political Science
James L. NolanJr., Professor of Sociology
Carrie Noland, Clark Oakley Fellow
Christopher M.B. Nugent, Associate Professor of Chinese
Carol Ockman, Professor of Art
Kristen Oehlrich, Postdoctoral Research Fellow in the Graduate Program in Art History
**Will Olney, Assistant Professor of Economics
**Allison Pacelli, Associate Professor of Mathematics
Eyvindur A. Palsson, Assistant Professor of Mathematics
Lee Y. Park, Professor of Chemistry
Paul C. Park, Lecturer in English
Janine Parker, Visiting Artist in Residence in Dance
Jay M. Pasachoff, Chair and Field Memorial  Professor of Astronomy
Darel E. Paul, Professor of Political Science
Enrique Peacock–Lopez, Professor of Chemistry
Julie A. Pedroni, Lecturer in Philosophy
Peter L. Pedroni, Professor of Economics
***Ileana Perez Velazquez, Professor of Music
James L. Pethica, Senior Lecturer in English and Theatre
Gregory Phelan, Assistant Professor of Economics
***Katarzyna M. Pieprzak, Chair and Associate Professor of  Francophone Literature, French Language, and Comparative Literature
***Michelyne J. Pinard, Assistant Professor of Physical Education and Head Women’s Soccer Coach
Jonathan Pitcher, Visiting Associate Professor of Spanish Language and Literature
**Amy D. Podmore, Professor of Art
Daniel E. Prindle, Visiting Instructor in Music
Christopher L. Pye, Class of 1924 Professor of English
Lawrence E. Raab, Harry C. Payne Professor of Poetry
Ashok S. Rai, Associate Professor of Economics
Anjuli F. RazaKolb, Assistant Professor of English
**Anne Reinhardt, Associate Professor of History
Mark T. Reinhardt, Class of 1956 Professor of American Civilization
Bernard J. Rhie, Associate Professor of English
David P. Richardson, William R. Kenan, Jr. Professor of Chemistry
Kathryn Ringer–Hilfinger, Visiting Assistant Professor of Spanish
++Jeffrey S. Roberts, Visiting Assistant Professor of Music
Neil Roberts, Associate Professor Africana Studies and Faculty Affiliate in Political Science
Michael M. Rolleigh, Visiting Assistant Professor of Economics
Shawn J. Rosenheim, Professor of English
Leyla Rouhi, John B. McCoy and John T. McCoy Professor of Romance Languages
Reginold A. Royston, C3 Mellon Postdoctoral Fellow in Africana Studies
*Merida Rua, Associate Professor of Latina/o Studies and American Studies
Benjamin B. Rubin, Assistant Professor of Classics
++Marketa Rulikova, Visiting Assistant Professor of Sociology
+T. Michael Russo, Assistant Professor of Physical Education, Head Men’s Soccer Coach and Coordinator of Physical Education
Alison B. Sachet, Visiting Assistant Professor of Psychology
Sophie F. Saint–Just, Visiting Assistant Professor of French Language and Francophone Cultures
Michael Samson, Senior Lecturer in Economics
*Noah J. Sandstrom, Professor of Psychology and Co–Director of the Williams–Exeter Programme at Oxford University
++Marlene J. Sandstrom, Professor of Psychology and Co–Director of the Williams–Exeter Programme at Oxford University
Omar A. Sangare, Associate Professor of Theatre
Robert M. Savage, Professor of Biology
***Kenneth K. Savitsky, Professor of Psychology
Jana Sawicki, Carl W. Vogt ’58 Professor of Philosophy
Vincent J. Schleitwiler, Assistant Professor of English
Lucie Schmidt, Professor of Economics
+Silvia Schultermandl, Fulbright Visiting Assistant Professor of American Studies
Shaila Seshia Galvin, Mellon Postdoctoral Fellow in Environmental Studies
Justin B. Shaddock, Visiting Assistant Professor of Philosophy
Cheryl Shanks, Professor of Political Science
James R. Shepard, J. Leland Miller Professor of American History, Literature, and Eloquence
Karen L. Shepard, Senior Lecturer in English
Stephen C. Sheppard, Class of 2012 Professor of Economics
W. Anthony Sheppard, Chair and Professor of Music
Olga Shevchenko, Chair and Associate Professor of Sociology
Grant Shoffstall, Visiting Assistant Professor of Sociology
Lara D. Shore–Sheppard, Professor of Economics
Glenn W. Shuck, Assistant Professor of Religion
Cesar E. Silva, Hagey Family Professor of Mathematics
Shanti M. Singham, Professor of History
Eiko Maruko Siniawer, Chair and Associate Professor of History
Kyle W. Smesko, Lecturer in Physical Education, Assistant Football Coach
*David C. Smith, Senior Lecturer in Biology
Candis W. Smith, Assistant Professor of Political Science
David L. Smith, John W Chandler Professor of English
Thomas E. Smith, Chair and Professor of Chemistry
Laura E. Sockol, Visiting Assistant Professor of Psychology
Anita R. Sokolsky, Professor of English
***Paul R. Solomon, Professor of Psychology
Stefanie Solum, Chair and Professor of Art
Steven P. Souza, Senior Lecturer in Astronomy
*Patrick K. Spero, Assistant Professor of History and Leadership Studies
Doris J. Stevenson, Lyell B Clay Artist in Residence, Piano
Mihai Stoiciu, Associate Professor of Mathematics
Nick C. Stone, Visiting Lecturer in Physical Education and Head Swimming Coach
Jefferson Strait, Professor of Physics
Frederick W. Strauch, Associate Professor of Physics
Laura R. Strauch, Instructor in Chemistry
*Catherine B. Stroud, Assistant Professor of Psychology
LaShandra P. Sullivan, Postdoctoral Fellow in Environmental Studies and Anthropology / Sociology
Alison M. Swain, Assistant Professor of Physical Education and Head Coach of Women’s Tennis
Anand V. Swamy, Professor of Economics
Karen E. Swann, Morris Professor of Rhetoric
++Jane M. Swift, Visiting Lecturer in Leadership Studies
Steven J. Swoap, Chair and Professor of Biology
***Barbara E. Takenaga, Mary A and William Wirt Warren Professor
+Gregory S. Tate, Sterling Brown ’22 Visiting Professor of Africana Studies
Rebecca E. Taurog, Assistant Professor of Chemistry
Christopher Taylor, Visiting Assistant Professor of English
John W. ThomanJr., J. Hodge Markgraf Professor of Chemistry
David Thompson, Assistant Professor of Physical Education, Head Men’s Track & Field Coach
Christian Thorne, Associate Professor of English
Stephen J. Tifft, Professor of English
Claire S. Ting, Associate Professor of Biology
Tony Truran, Lecturer in Chemistry
*David R. Tucker–Smith, Associate Professor of Physics
Ji–Young Um, Visiting Assistant Professor of English and American Studies
Janneke vandeStadt, Professor of Russian
Armando Vargas, Assistant Professor in the Program of Comparative Literature
Natalie B. Vena, Gaius Charles Bolin Fellow in Anthropology and Environmental Studies
William G. Wagner, Brown Professor of History
**Dorothy J. Wang, Associate Professor of American Studies and Faculty Affiliate in English
Guowei Wang, Artist–in–Residence in Chinese Music Performance
Wendy Wang, Assistant Professor of Statistics
Chris Waters, Hans W. Gatzke ’38 Professor of Modern European History
Tara E. Watson, Associate Professor of Economics
+Barbara Young Welke, W. Ford Schumann Visiting Professor in Democratic Studies
Brad Wells, Lyell B. Clay Artist in Residence and Director of Choral/Vocal Activities, Lecturer in Music
Peter S. Wells, Assistant Professor of Physical Education, Coordinator of Men’s and Women’s Crew, and Head Coach of Men’s Crew
Carmen T. Whalen, Professor of History
Alan White, Mark Hopkins Professor of Philosophy
Amanda R. Wilcox, Associate Professor of Classics
Heather Williams, William Dwight Whitney Professor of Biology
Mason B. Williams, Visiting Assistant Professor of Leadership Studies
Lauren L. Williamson, Visiting Assistant Professor of Psychology
Bud Wobus, Edna McConnell Clark Professor of Geology
Scott Wong, James Phinney Baxter III Professor of History and Public Affairs
***James B. Wood, Charles R. Keller Professor of History
William K. Wootters, Barclay Jermain Professor of Natural Philosophy
Saadia Yacoob, Mellon Postdoctoral Fellow in Religion
Kasumi Yamamoto, Chair and Professor of Japanese
Brent A. Yorgey, Visiting Assistant Professor Computer Science
Li Yu, Associate Professor of Chinese
Safa R. Zaki, Professor of Psychology
Betty Zimmerberg, Chair and Howard B. Schow ’50 and Nan W. Schow Professor of Neuroscience
David J. Zimmerman, Professor of Economics and Orrin Sage Professor of Political Economy